NEXT-12632 - Add guide about modifying sitemap entries (#285)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/content/sitemap/modify-sitemap-entries.md

```php
<?php declare(strict_types=1);

namespace Swag\BasicExample\Core\Content\Sitemap\Provider;

use Doctrine\DBAL\Connection;
use Shopware\Core\Content\Sitemap\Provider\AbstractUrlProvider;
use Shopware\Core\Content\Sitemap\Struct\UrlResult;
use Shopware\Core\Framework\Uuid\Uuid;
use Shopware\Core\System\SalesChannel\SalesChannelContext;

class DecoratedProductUrlProvider extends AbstractUrlProvider
{
    /**
     * @var AbstractUrlProvider
     */
    private $decoratedUrlProvider;

    public function __construct(AbstractUrlProvider $abstractUrlProvider)
    {
        $this->decoratedUrlProvider = $abstractUrlProvider;
    }

    public function getDecorated(): AbstractUrlProvider
    {
        return $this->decoratedUrlProvider;
    }

    public function getName(): string
    {
        return $this->getDecorated()->getName();
    }

    public function getUrls(SalesChannelContext $context, int $limit, ?int $offset = null): UrlResult
    {
        return $this->getDecorated()->getUrls($context, $limit, $offset);
    }
}
```
{% endcode %}
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="services.xml" %}
{% code title="<plugin root>/src/Resources/config/services.xml" %}

> ```markup

Reviewer: I guess you want to highlight xml, right?

Author: Wait, I'm pretty sure I copied & pasted it. There might be more wrong occurrences, thanks! Will fix them all in an extra commit.

Author: Welp... The GitBook linter changed a lot of them to `markup` (including twig, html and xml...)

Reviewer: still reads weird. Probably other markdown renderers are more verbose

        </service>
    </services>
</container>
```
{% endcode %}
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

Now let's get on to the two possible ways and its benefits.

### Adjusting the getUrls method

By adjusting the `getUrls` method, you can execute the parent's `getUrls` method and modify its return value, which
is an instance of the `UrlResult`.
On this instance, you can use the method `getUrls` to actually get the `Url` instances and make adjustments to them - or even remove them.

{% code title="<plugin root>/src/Core/Content/Sitemap/Provider/DecoratedProductUrlProvider.php" %}
```php
public function getUrls(SalesChannelContext $context, int $limit, ?int $offset = null): UrlResult
{
    $urlResult = $this->getDecorated()->getUrls($context, $limit, $offset);
    $urls = $urlResult->getUrls();

    /* Change $urls, e.g. removing entries or updating them by iterating over them. */

    return new UrlResult($urls, $urlResult->getNextOffset());
}
```
{% endcode %}

You could iterate over the `$urls` array and modify each entry - or even create a new array with less entries,
if you want to fully remove some.

There is one main downside to this way:

> You don't have access to many information about the entity itself, that was used for this `Url` instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You don't have access to a lot of information about the entity itself, that was used for this `Url` instance.
```

E.g. if you'd like to filter all products with a given name, you can't do that here, since the name itself isn't available.
The only reliable information you have here, is the ID of the entity by using the method `getIdentifier` on the `Url` instance.

Also, it's not the best way in terms of performance to read all SEO URLs from the database, only to filter them afterwards.

### Overriding the getSeoUrls method

The available SEO URLs are read in the protected method `getSeoUrls` of the `AbstractUrlProvider`.
Since it's a protected method, you can override it and create a custom SQL in order to only read the data you really want.

For this you'll most likely want to copy the original method's code and paste it into your overridden method.

> You can then add new lines to the SQL statement in order to do the necessary filtering or customising.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can then add new lines to the SQL statement in order to do the necessary filtering or customizing.
```
